I was silent after being betrayed by my friends.
How did you spend your days in hardships?
I closed my mouth completely for 12 years.
Someone once betrayed me
Don't want to betray Don Hemingway
Don Hemingway is free!
Mr. Fang Deng!
Don, are you hunting?
I only use guns when I am robbed.
Or, when you want to threaten someone
Or, when robbery
I don’t want to go hunting with a gun when I want to hurt and threaten people.
Don, I owe you a lot, this is a gift for you.
Including interest
It’s great.
It’s so cool!
Tang is back!
Tang, Tang, wake up
Are you still asleep?
Where is the money?
I want to take money
My money
The money you took from me!
father?
Are you kidding me?
my God!
You have to control yourself, I won’t kick you out now.
You are too old, and I didn't wear the shoes today.
The freedom I lost should be compensated. This is why I am here.
Is that my grandson?
You can't make up for the disappearance of 12 years in just 3 days.
I will try my best
- You have an aristocratic chin - your chest is quite aristocratic.
I am going to express my meaning.
Stop expressing what you want to say
I just want to express what I want to say.
- I will interrupt your teeth - I will cut your ears.
I am essentially a countryman, a farmer.
The liver is colored and the hair will be beautiful
This is a demonstration
How to open the safe!
You hit it out!
Have you lost your hand?
Otherwise why do I wear black gloves all day?
- I thought it was fashion - do you think this is fashion?
TWITAI